Rate Confirmation Send invoices to:
CarrierInvoices@coyote.com 877-6COYOTE
Load 29726492 960 Northpoint Parkway
Suite 150 (877-626-9683)
Alpharetta, GA 30005
Cust Requirements Booked By Get CoyoteGO Today!
Equipment Van, Reefer, 48' x 102 Danny Matkovic • Dispatch
Pre Cooled Temp None Dan.Matkovic@coyote.com • Send updates Available for An-
droid or iPhone,
Load Temp None Phone: +1 (773) 365 6256 • Check in at App Store or
Tarps Undefined x6256 • Submit paperwork Google Play
Value $100,000 Fax: +1 (773) 365 4256
Load Requirements
Protect From Freeze Tech Tracking Required Seal
Equipment Requirements
Food Grade Slidable Tandems
Notes
All Van/Container loads MUST be sealed at origin either by shipper or driver with a seal number noted on bill of lading. The
driver is responsible for re-sealing the trailer after each pickup/drop on a multi-stop shipment. In the event a shipment that
was sealed at origin or after each additional pickup/drop arrives at the destination with a tampered seal or without the seal
intact then (i) the Carrier shall be liable for any shortage or damage claims with respect to such shipment and (ii) the shipper
shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to deem the entire shipment damaged, adulterated/contaminated and
unsalvageable, without the need for any inspection and the Carrier shall be liable for the full value of the shipment. Carrier is
required to weigh shipment within 50 miles of departing each shipper. If carrier fails to weigh shipment within 50 miles of
departing each shipper, any citations/expenses incurred due to the equipment and/or shipment weight will be the carrier’s
sole responsibility. Carrier must meet and comply to shipper requirements at the facility. All drivers must wear masks or
facial coverings to the extent required by laws or facilities. Carrier must be in full compliance with the Food Safety
Modernization Act (FSMA), if applicable. By accepting the shipment, Carrier agrees that the driver has consented to
receiving text messages and/or phone calls from or on behalf of Coyote.
Approval for payment of detention is contingent upon the following eligibility requirements:
1)Carrier must report facility departure time and total detention hours within 24 hours of shipment delivery at the final
facility.
2)Carrier must provide proof of the on time arrival and departure times in the form of a BOL or other shipping document
with arrival and departure times notated by facility within 24 hours of shipment delivery at final facility.
PROTECT FROM FREEZE
Route Directions
Carrier acknowledges that any routing instructions from the shipper herein are being provided for convenience only, and the
Carrier may choose the route.
Signature Line
By signing below, GTT Freight Corp agrees to the terms and conditions set forth below and provided herewith, if any.
[Load Number - 29726492] Page 1 of 5
[Carrier Legal Name - GTT Freight Corp]
[Carrier USDOT - 3723304]
Rate Confirmation Load 29726492
Stop 1: Pick Up
Pick Up308883089; 405228445 Facility Notes
Numbers Appointment Scheduled For
All drivers that enter the facility must
Tue 08/22/2023 have and wear a mask when entering
Confirmation None
at 18:30 the building to use the breakroom or
Numbers
restroom
FacilityCoca Cola Atlanta
Driver Work
CCNA
No Touch
Address3791 BROWNS MILL SLIC DRIVER SHOULD NOT PAY LUMPER
RD SE FEE AT CONS
C34CC
Atlanta, GA 30354 DO NOT PAY LUMPER. Contact Coyote
if mandated to pay lumper fee. Failure to
ContactPickup Appts comply may result in charge not being
Phone+1 (404) 676 8126 reimbursed.
Must have 2 load locks/straps.
Any tampering with the load including
door removal, trailer changes, or seal
infractions will result in a full truckload
claim and ban from Coyote's network.
Tracking device may be placed in trailer.
High Visibility Gear Required at all Coca
-Cola Shipping Facilities (vests, shirts, &
jackets that cover the torso)
Stop 1 Requirements
N/A
Commodity Packaging Load On Exp Wt Pieces Pallets
Coca Cola Products Pallet 43,076 Lbs 1,071 18
Directions are provided for convenience only. The Carrier may choose the route.
From Atlanta, GA:
take south I 75 to exit 239
239 has three ramps take the central ave Hapeville Ramp
when you get to the top of the ramp make a left onto central ave
make an immediate left onto browns mill road
go thru one traffic light
third drive way on the left
[Load Number - 29726492] Page 2 of 5
[Carrier Legal Name - GTT Freight Corp]
[Carrier USDOT - 3723304]
Rate Confirmation Load 29726492
From Macon, GA:
0.8 mi
5. Keep right at the fork, follow signs for I-75 N/Atlanta and merge onto I-75 N
74.2 mi
6. Take exit 239 for US-41/US-19 toward C w Grant Pkwy/Henry Ford II Ave/Central Ave
0.9 mi
7. Continue toward US-19 S/US-41 S/Crown Rd SE/Old Dixie Rd
0.2 mi
8. Turn left onto US-19 S/US-41 S/Crown Rd SE/Old Dixie Rd
246 ft
9. Take the 1st left onto Browns Mill Rd
Destination will be on the left
0.2 mi
3791 Browns Mill Rd
Carriers may also call 877-6-COYOTE for directions if needed.
Stop 2: Delivery
Delivery2810529; 4107653 Facility Notes
Numbers Appointment Scheduled For
If product is refused, please send
Wed 08/23/2023 pictures of the product and a copy of the
Confirmation None
at 06:00 POD immediately to Coyote for
Numbers
disposition.
FacilityPerformance Food
Driver Work
Group -PFG -Florida
Lumper
Address3140 GALLAGHER RD SLIC
Dover, FL 33527
N/A
ContactNone
Phone+1 (813) 659 1498 Driver must submit the Walmart/Sam's
Club TCR when delivering into these
facilities. Failure to provide may result in
a claim. All lumpers must be submitted
within 48 hours of delivery
If OSD occurs and carrier is instructed
to destroy product, payment will not be
processed until completed AOD is
submitted.
Stop 2 Requirements
Lumper Receipt Required
Commodity Packaging Load On Exp Wt Pieces Pallets
Coca Cola Products Pallet 43,076 Lbs 1,071 18
Charges Contact
Description Units Per Amount Send invoices to: Please contact Coyote
960 Northpoint Parkway at 877-626-9683 if the
Flat Rate 1.00 $929.660 $929.66
Suite 150 charges are incorrect.
Fuel Surcharge 458.20 $0.590 $270.34 Alpharetta, GA 30005
Total USD $1,200.00
[Load Number - 29726492] Page 3 of 5
[Carrier Legal Name - GTT Freight Corp]
[Carrier USDOT - 3723304]
Rate Confirmation Load 29726492
Total USD $1,200.00
Agreement
Carrier GTT Freight Corp Broker Coyote Logistics, LLC
USDOT 3723304 Rep Danny Matkovic
Phone None Title Manager
Email gtt.expresscorp@gmail.com Phone +1 (773) 365 6256 x6256
Fax None Fax +1 (773) 365 4256
Date 08/18/2023 14:48
By signing below, GTT Freight Corp agrees to the terms and conditions set forth below and provided herewith, if any.
Name and Title (Print)
Signature Date
PLEASE SIGN THIS AGREEMENT AND EMAIL TO Dan.Matkovic@coyote.com
Coyote Logistics, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer
[Load Number - 29726492] Page 4 of 5
[Carrier Legal Name - GTT Freight Corp]
[Carrier USDOT - 3723304]
Rate Confirmation Load 29726492
Terms and Conditions
The Broker-Carrier Agreement or Carrier Agreement (in each case, the “Agreement”) between Coyote Logistics, LLC, a Licensed Property
Broker - USDOT # 2236410, and GTT Freight Corp is amended by the verbal agreement between Danny Matkovic of Coyote Logistics, LLC
hereafter referred to as BROKER, and Camilo Ramirez of GTT Freight Corp hereafter referred to as CARRIER, dated 08/18/2023.
This confirmation is subject to the terms of the Agreement and this document constitutes an amendment thereto. If the CARRIER has not
signed the Agreement, then the rate shown above is the agreed individually negotiated rate and no other rate shall apply including any carrier
tariff rate or terms.
THIS LOAD SHALL NOT BE DOUBLE BROKERED. No additional charges not listed above may be added by the CARRIER. Any additional
charges must appear on a revised confirmation sheet signed by the BROKER. CARRIER must include signed copy of the shipper's bill of
lading and any other proof of delivery with invoice to BROKER. Rates, except as specifically designated above, are inclusive of any fuel
surcharge. CARRIER certifies that it is in compliance with all requirements of the California Air Resources Board (CARB) that are applicable to
the scope of CARRIER’s operations, including, but not limited to: Statewide Truck and Bus Regulations, Transport Refrigeration Unit (TRU)
Regulations, Tractor-Trailer Greenhouse (GHG) Gas Regulations, and Drayage Truck Regulations. CARRIER also warrants that it is in
compliance with any comparable requirements of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other states, where applicable. CARRIER
shall be responsible for any fines imposed on BROKER and/or shipper resulting from noncompliance.
CARRIER hereby confirms that it maintains applicable and valid insurance without exclusions that would prevent coverage for the items listed
above. CARRIER has at least $100,000.00 in cargo insurance and $1,000,000.00 in automobile liability coverage. CARRIER further confirms
that in transporting the shipment described hereinabove, it will comply with all U.S. DOT and FDA regulations applicable to its operations while
transporting said shipment, including, but not limited to drivers' hours of service, and the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA), if applicable.
CARRIER agrees to the attached requirements from the shipper, if any.
ALL LOADS ARE SUBJECT TO ELECTRONIC TRACKING
By accepting this shipment, CARRIER agrees that it has obtained a written agreement from each driver transporting a shipment tendered by
BROKER to CARRIER pursuant to the Agreement in which each driver provides all necessary consents to (i) receiving text messages and/or
phone calls from or on behalf of BROKER and (ii) allowing BROKER or its vendor to track such driver’s location while transporting such
shipment. CARRIER shall comply with all applicable laws relating to the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, and disposal of any
information CARRIER provides to BROKER, including information regarding the drivers transporting shipments. CARRIER shall indemnify,
defend, and hold BROKER and its affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, losses, actions and expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in connection with CARRIER’s breach of this Section. This Section shall survive the expiration or
termination of the Agreement between BROKER and CARRIER.
[Load Number - 29726492] Page 5 of 5
[Carrier Legal Name - GTT Freight Corp]
[Carrier USDOT - 3723304]
Operating Parameters
Coca-Cola Refreshments
Topo Chico c/o Coca-Cola North America
Carrier shall adhere to the following customer requirements:
Supplier Guiding Principles.
Carrier will develop and implement appropriate internal business processes to ensure compliance with these Supplier
Guiding Principles (“SGP”), as described in more detail below. CCR routinely utilizes independent third parties to assess
Carrier’s compliance with the SGP. These assessments generally include confidential interviews with employees and on-
site contract workers. If Carrier at any time fails to uphold any aspect of these SGP requirements, Carrier is expected to
promptly implement corrective actions. Carrier has read, understands and is in, and will remain in, full compliance with
all the requirements of CCR’s SGP. Carrier shall (i) comply with all applicable child labor laws; (ii) not use forced, bonded,
prison, military or compulsory labor; (iii) comply with all applicable laws on abuse of employees and will not physically
abuse employees; (iv) comply with all applicable laws on freedom of association and collective bargaining; (v) comply with
all applicable non-discrimination and equal opportunity laws; (vi) comply with all applicable wage and benefits laws; (vii)
comply with all applicable work hours and overtime laws; (viii) comply with all applicable health and safety laws; (ix)
comply with all applicable environmental laws; and (x) demonstrate compliance with these SGP at the request and to the
satisfaction of CCR.
Code of Business Conduct
Carrier will comply with CCR’s Code of Business Conduct attached hereto and set forth on The Coca-Cola Company’s internet site
at http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/citizenship/supplier_code.html.
Dr Pepper Snapple Group Firewall
Carrier agrees to comply with all restrictions and obligations required by The Coca-Cola Company, CCR or CCRC relating
to the use, disclosure, or receipt of any and all confidential Dr Pepper Snapple Group and Canada Dry Motts Inc.
information.
Anti-Bribery
Carrier will not, in connection with this shipment or in connection with any other business transactions involving CCR,
transfer anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any government official, employee of a government-controlled
company, political party, or other private (non-government) persons or entities working on behalf of any government in
order to obtain any improper benefit or advantage. No money paid to Carrier as compensation or otherwise has been or
will be used to pay any bribe or kickback in violation of applicable laws. Carrier agrees to provide prompt certification of
its continuing compliance with applicable laws whenever requested by CCR. Carrier warrants that none of the agents or
employees of Carrier are government officials or close family members of government officials. Carrier further warrants
that no payments will be made by Carrier on behalf of CCR without obtaining prior approval from CCR. A written
accounting must be kept of all payments made by Carrier or its agents or employees on behalf of CCR, or out of funds
provided by CCR. A copy of this accounting must be provided to CCR upon request. At no time shall any payment be made
by Carrier to any undisclosed third party. CCR reserves the right to audit Carrier’s books and records in order to satisfy
itself that Carrier is in compliance with the terms of this Section.
Cross Border Shipments
(a) Carriers handling cross border Mexico shipments shall represent and warrant that they are either (1) CTPAT certified,
(2) certified in a supply chain security program administered by a foreign Customs Administration for which CBP has
a Mutual Recognition Agreement, or (3) if not certified in one of the aforementioned supply chain security programs,
has implemented and is complying with supply chain security policies and procedures that are consistent with the
current CTPAT Minimum Security Criteria established by CBP. Carrier shall to agree to review and comply with the
current CTPAT Minimum Security Criteria.
(b) Carrier shall furnish to Broker, who will provide to Shipper, upon request, documentation regarding its status as a
certified participant in a supply chain security program. This documentation shall demonstrate that such carrier is
either (1) CTPAT certified, (2) certified in a supply chain security program administered by a foreign Customs
Administration for which CBP has a Mutual Recognition Agreement, or (3) is not certified in a supply chain security
program, but has implemented and is complying with supply chain security policies and procedures that meet the
requirements of the CTPAT Minimum Security Criteria.
(c) Carrier shall ensure that cargo is shipped through ports where the CBP Container Security Initiative is operational.
(d) Shipper reserves the right to conduct audits and inspections of Carrier to ensure compliance with CTPAT Minimum
Security Criteria. These audits and inspections will be conducted by Shipper personnel in conjunction with a third-
party auditor selected by Shipper. Where a Shipper and third-party CTPAT compliance audit reveals compliance
deficiencies or security breaches, Carrier will be subject to a corrective action plan and shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to implement recommended corrective policies and procedures at its own expense within sixty
(60) days from the date of the recommendation to ensure carrier compliance with the CTPAT Minimum Security
Criteria. Carrier will provide Broker, who will provide to Shipper with reasonable evidence that the corrective action
plan has been implemented.
(e) Carrier shall notify Broker, who will notify Shipper in writing within twenty-four (24) hours of any supply chain security
breach or threat of breach. In any case where the breach, or threat of breach, exposes Shipper to potential harm,
Carrier shall notify Broker in writing immediately.
Code of Business Conduct
for Suppliers to The Coca-Cola Company
Code of Business Conduct for Business and Financial Records
Suppliers to The Coca-Cola Company Both the supplier and The Coca-Cola Company must keep
accurate records of all matters related to the supplier’s business
The Coca-Cola Company* expects all of its employees to comply with The Coca-Cola Company. This includes the proper recording
with the law and act ethically in all matters. We have the same of all expenses and payments. If The Coca-Cola Company is
expectations of our suppliers. Our Code of Business Conduct being charged for a supplier employee’s time, time records must
sets the basic standards for employee conduct. This Code of be complete and accurate. Suppliers should not delay sending
Business Conduct for Suppliers establishes related requirements an invoice or otherwise enable the shifting of an expense to a
for our suppliers. Working together, we can achieve great different accounting period.
success by doing the right thing.
Bribery
Note: This Code contains general requirements applicable
Suppliers acting on behalf of The Coca-Cola Company must
to all suppliers to The Coca-Cola Company. Particular
comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well
supplier contracts may contain more specific provisions
as all local laws dealing with bribery of government officials.
addressing some of these same issues. Nothing in this
In connection with any transaction as a supplier to The
Code is meant to supersede any more specific provision
Coca-Cola Company, or that otherwise involves The Coca-Cola
in a particular contract, and to the extent there is any
Company, the supplier must not transfer anything of value,
inconsistency between this Code and any other provision
directly or indirectly, to any government official, employee of
of a particular contract, the other provision will control.
a government-controlled company, or political party, in order
Conflicts of Interest
to obtain any improper benefit or advantage. Suppliers must
Employees of The Coca-Cola Company should act in the keep a written accounting of all payments (including any gifts,
best interest of the Company. Accordingly, employees meals, entertainment or anything else of value) made on behalf
should have no relationship, financial or otherwise, with of The Coca-Cola Company, or out of funds provided by The
Coca-Cola Company. Suppliers must furnish a copy of this
any supplier that might conflict, or appear to conflict, with
accounting to The Coca-Cola Company upon request.
the employee’s obligation to act in the best interest of The
Coca-Cola Company. For example, suppliers should not Protecting Information
employ or otherwise make payments to any employee of The
Suppliers should protect the confidential information of The
Coca-Cola Company during the course of any transaction
Coca-Cola Company. Suppliers who have been given access
between the supplier and the Company. Friendships outside
to confidential information as part of the business relationship
of the course of business are inevitable and acceptable, but
should not share this information with anyone unless authorized
suppliers should take care that any personal relationship is to do so by The Coca-Cola Company. Suppliers should not
not used to influence the Coca-Cola employee’s business trade in securities, or encourage others to do so, based on
judgment. If a supplier employee is a family relation (spouse, confidential information received from The Coca-Cola Company.
parent, sibling, grandparent, child, grandchild, mother- or If a supplier believes it has been given access to The Coca-Cola
father-in-law, or same or opposite sex domestic partner) to Company’s confidential information in error, the supplier should
an employee of The Coca-Cola Company, or if a supplier has immediately notify its contact at the Company and refrain from
any other relationship with an employee of The Coca-Cola further distribution of the information.
Company that might represent a conflict of interest, the
Similarly, a supplier should not share with anyone at The
supplier should disclose this fact to The Coca-Cola Company
Coca-Cola Company information related to any other company
or ensure that the Coca-Cola employee does so. if the supplier is under a contractual or legal obligation not to
Gifts, Meals and Entertainment share the information.
Employees of The Coca-Cola Company are prohibited from Reporting Potential Misconduct
accepting anything more than modest gifts, meals and Suppliers who believe that an employee of The Coca-Cola
entertainment from suppliers. Ordinary business meals and Company, or anyone acting on behalf of The Coca-Cola
small tokens of appreciation such as gift baskets at holiday time Company, has engaged in illegal or otherwise improper
generally are fine, but suppliers should avoid offering Coca-Cola conduct, should report the matter to the Company. The
employees travel, frequent meals or expensive gifts. Gifts of supplier can contact the employee’s manager or The
cash or cash equivalents, such as gift cards, are never allowed. Coca-Cola Company Ethics & Compliance Office at
+1-404-676-5579 or compliance@na.ko.com, or use the
* This document is applicable to suppliers of The Coca-Cola Company Company’s EthicsLine reporting service at www.KOethics.com,
and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Use of the terms “The Coca-Cola
or call toll-free using the access codes that can be found on
Company” and “the Company” in this document refers to The Coca-Cola
Company or one or more of its subsidiaries, whichever is relevant to the the EthicsLine website. A supplier’s relationship with The
particular supplier relationship. Coca-Cola Company will not be affected by an honest report
of potential misconduct.
© 2008 The Coca-Cola Company
V a l u e d - p a r t n e r p r o g r a m & p o l i c y
f o r
A t l a n t a O f f i c e C o m p l e x ( A O C )
S u g a r L a n d , T X , N o r t h A m e r i c a n O f f i c e s ,
W o r l d o f C o c a - C o l a
A t l a n t a a n d L a s V e g a s
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
1. Policy Statement
The policy and procedures of the Company’s Valued-Partner Personnel Integrity Assurance
Program (PIAP) apply to all Coca-Cola North America (CCNA) non-company resource workers
(NCR) and will be referred to throughout this policy as valued-partners.
Below is a brief description of the types of NCR workers:
• Non-Employee Worker (NEW) - hourly paid, temporary worker. NEWs typically work for
an agency and can include but are not limited to:
Administrative/clerical customer service, light industrial/manufacturing,
sales/distribution, technical/scientific. Usually covers baseline work, assist in completing
a project, supports temporary backfill or a position when an employee is on leave.
Provides skills needed to support the core of day to day business.
• Outside Nonprofessional Service Worker - hourly paid ancillary in nature or a support
service. The work performed is usually on-site. Services are considered ancillary and
support the Company infrastructure rather than carrying out its core business.
Examples: Cafeteria services, lawn services, building/facility maintenance, elevator
services, security services.
• Outside Professional Services Worker/Non-Consulting - paid on one-time basis or lump
sum, specialized in nature. The work is tactical, not strategic (unlike the work of
consultants), and is not considered part of the company's core business. Examples:
Market research firms, audit services, benefits services, disbursement management,
engineering services, executive search, IT hardware/software and workstation support,
tax advisory services, training services, legal services, and relocation services.
• Consultants - fee-based paid strategic services. Engaged from consulting firms or
specialized individuals. Typically involves independent advice, knowledge or
professional recommendations to management, focused on business strategy,
processes, best practices, methodology's etc. Examples: Management consultant,
processing re-design consultants, training consultants, engineering consultants.
• Interns - fixed term contracts paid by Accounts Payable. Interns can be considered
employees or non-company resources depending on the circumstances.
• Externs - fixed term contracts - no pay. Contractual agreements must be in place for
both interns and externs. Please contact Vickie Pennell for assistance regarding
intern/extern agreements.
Scope
All valued-partners must conduct a criminal records check, social security number verification,
sex offender registry check, and pre-placement drug screen. All Canadian based valued-
partners must comply with the Coca-Cola Ltd. (CCL) Canada Valued-Partner Policy.
All business units outside North America should develop a similar PIAP Valued-Partner Policy that
complies with the local laws and the commitment of the Company. Contact the PIAP Program
Manager, Linda Bell at 404-676-9004 for assistance.
Purpose
The PIAP Valued-Partner Policy assures sustainable growth by protecting The Coca-Cola
Company’s Image and Reputation while providing a safe work environment for our employees
and our valued-partners.
1
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
2
MARGORP
ECNARUSSA
YTIRGETNI
LENNOSREP
RENTRAP-DEULAV
Policy
It is The Coca-Cola Company’s policy to conduct background investigations on all
valued-partners. Background investigations will be conducted by the valued-partner’s
respective employers. A Coca-Cola Company contractor ID badge will only be issued after
The Coca-Cola Company ID office receives confirmation from the PIAP office that the
individual was granted an Access Clearance.
Notes:
This document is to be used by valued-partners who are not “directly engaged”.
If a company other than The Coca-Cola Company issues your paycheck, then you are
NOT “directly engaged”.
Definition of “Engaging Manager”: The Coca-Cola Company manager or representative
who contracts to obtain your services. Also referred to as TCCC BPOC.
Directly engaged valued-partners should contact their engaging manager/business point
of contact (BPOC) to obtain an Access Clearance.
2. Policy Accountability
Engaging Manager/BPOC is an employee of TCCC who is responsible for managing
contractual agreements with outside sources and ensuring the PIAP Valued-Partner Policy
legal language is incorporated in all contracts. Engaging Managers/BPOC’s are solely
responsible for ensuring PIAP requirements are met.
Special Notes to Engaging Manager/BPOCs:
• Current service agreements with all valued-partner companies are the sole
responsibility of the Engaging Manager/BPOC.
• Refer to the policy in myKO entitled Employment of Former Employees for
minimum waiting periods prior to engaging former Coca-Cola Company
employees.
• All NCRs are required to complete PIAP requirements prior to start of an
assignment this includes the background investigation, and rehire approval
process for former employees.
• Guest Registration is not to be used for NCRs for more than ten (10) consecutive
business days and violations can result in the loss of Guest Registration privileges.
• Notifications from the PIAP Office/EIS badging system requires immediate
attention in order to facilitate accurate accountability and processing of
valued-partners.
• Report immediately any changes regarding assignments, renewals, and/or
changes in Engaging Manager/BPOCs to the PIAP Office at 404-515-4610.
IMPORTANT: Engaging Managers/BPOC’s will ensure that valued-partners who have access
to “confidential”, “restricted”, and/or “highly restricted” information have complied with
and signed a legal non-disclosure agreement with TCCC and the valued-partner.
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
Engaging Managers/BPOC’s are responsible for collecting valued-partner ID badges, parking
passes, and any other Coca-Cola Company property from the valued-partner upon the
assignment end and/or departure of the valued-partner.
The PIAP Office will provide Policy strategic advice and consultation for the overall PIAP
Valued-Partner Policy. PIAP will review compliance with Engaging Managers/BPOC’s and
valued-partners.
3. Access Clearances
The following information is provided to assist our valued-partners in the process to obtain an
Access Clearance.
Access Clearance requires the following:
• Criminal Records Check: This check will include state criminal records checks. It will
cover all jurisdictions in which the person has worked and lived over the last 5 years.
State record searches will be conducted for felony and misdemeanor records.
If state records are not available, county by county searches are required.
• Identity Verification: Check social security number by name, date of birth, current
and former addresses, and check for any discrepancies. This check is conducted as
a key piece of identity information.
• Sex Offender Registry Check
• Drug Screening: Drug screens are required pre-placement. The drug screen is
comprised of a minimum 5-panel screen by a laboratory that is certified by the
United States Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) National Institute
on Drug Abuse (NIDA). Rapid drug screen kits are not acceptable. Drug screening
is only required upon the initial access clearance and is not required for a
clearance renewal.
All background checks must be conducted by utilizing a background investigative firm or
direct contact with the courts. On-line background checks will not be accepted.
Additional Access Requirements: Determined by the Engaging Manager/BPOC as applicable:
• Motor Vehicle Report (MVR): Required for only those individuals who will be driving
Coca-Cola owned or leased vehicle, and when if driving is a part of the job
requirements.
• Credit History Check: Review credit history only when an individual is being
considered for a position that meets the criteria as established by the Engaging
Manager/BPOC.
• Educational and Professional Credentials: Verify the highest education completed.
Verify professional credentials required for the position as determined by the
Engaging Manager/BPOC, i.e. electrical license, or licenses to practice law or
certifications for health related fields.
Special Note to Construction Companies:
If you are working in sensitive areas, the access clearance requirements may be more stringent
as defined by the Engaging Manager/BPOC.
3
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
4
MARGORP
ECNARUSSA
YTIRGETNI
LENNOSREP
RENTRAP-DEULAV
4. Access Clearance Approval
The company of the valued-partner will submit written notification, i.e. email, fax, mail or hand
deliver a cover sheet containing the following information to the PIAP Office:
• Name of valued-partner
• Company name
• TCCC Engaging Manager/BPOC
• Length of Assignment
• Date of Background check, Sex Offender Registry check and Social Security
number verification
• Date Drug Screen completed
• A statement indicating the valued-partner has met the PIAP standards
IMPORTANT NOTE: When the cover sheet is submitted, all supporting reports (background
check report, sex offender registry check report, social security number verification, and the
drug screen report) will be attached for validation review.
If any questions, please contact Linda Bell, PIAP Program Manager at 404-676-9004 or
lbell@na.ko.com. Or Judy Cunningham, PIAP Assistant Manager at 404-676-6137 or
jcunningham@na.ko.com.
Special Notes to Valued-Partners
• Valued-Partners will be allowed escorted access for up to 10 business days while
Access Clearances are being processed. Escorted access requires a Coca-Cola
employee to register the valued-partner as a guest and to escort the person at
all times.
• If the valued-partner company already has established a background
investigation program as stated in this PIAP Policy, The Coca-Cola Company
will accept a criminal history report if dated within the last 12 months. The drug
screen report must be dated within the last 90 days.
• Valued-Partner companies are responsible for ensuring that all sub-contractors
employed in support of The Coca-Cola Company projects adhere to the same
requirements.
• If a valued-partner applies for a permanent (full-time) position at TCCC they will be
required to complete TCCC PIAP new-hire process. It is the valued-partners
responsibility to notify their employer of a decision to apply and/or accept a
permanent position with TCCC. If the valued-partner fails to meet PIAP
requirements, they must be removed from TCCC account.
5. Renewal Process for Access Clearances
The initial Access Clearance will expire 2 years from the date of the initial criminal history report.
If the valued-partner is to be renewed, the Engaging Manager/BPOC must provide written
approval to the PIAP Office. The valued-partner will complete an updated criminal history
check for the period of time since the last check was conducted. The updated report will be
submitted to the PIAP Office utilizing the same process as the initial Access Clearance for
validation review.
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
6. Network Access Agreements (NAA)
Valued-Partner companies that sign a network access agreement with The Coca-Cola
Company (TCCC) are required to ensure that its employees having access to TCCC
information systems, (whether temporary or permanently placed on assignment) have
successfully met the access clearance requirements outlined in this policy.
NAA Clearance will include:
• Criminal Records Check: This check will include state criminal records checks. It will
cover all jurisdictions in which the person has worked and lived over the last 5 years.
State record searches will be conducted for felony and misdemeanor records.
If state records are not available, county by county searches are required.
• Identity Verification: Check social security number by name, date of birth, current
and former addresses, and check for any discrepancies. This check is conducted as
a key piece of identity information.
• Sex Offender Registry Check
• Documented substance abuse policy
NAA clearance will be valid for 2 years, at which time a 2 year criminal records
update will be required for renewal.
Each individual will be provided their own User ID and ID’s are not to be shared by
other valued-partner employees. If for any reason the valued-partner is no longer
working on TCCC account, the valued-partner company must immediately notify
TCCC Engaging Manager/BPOC in writing to remove the individual’s User ID.
Signing the service agreement provides TCCC with written certification that NAA
valued-partners understand the PIAP requirements and will comply with this policy.
7. Adjudicative Guidelines
Definition of Adjudication:
Adjudication is an examination of a sufficient period of a person’s life to determine whether
the person is likely to exemplify the high standards of personal integrity of The Coca-Cola
Company. All available reliable information about the person should be considered in reaching
a determination. In evaluating the relevance of unfavorable information about
an individual’s conduct, the adjudicator should consider these general guidelines.
General Adjudicative Guidelines:
• Nature, extent, and seriousness of the conduct;
• Frequency and recency of the conduct;
• Voluntary nature of the individual’s participation;
• Presence or absence of rehabilitation or other permanent behavioral changes;
• Motivation for the conduct;
• Likelihood of recurrence;
• Sensitivity and level of responsibility of the job applied for.
5
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
6
MARGORP
ECNARUSSA
YTIRGETNI
LENNOSREP
RENTRAP-DEULAV
The adjudicative standards are not intended to be an inflexible set of rules and procedures.
They require common sense judgment with each case examined on its own merits, taking into
consideration all relevant circumstances, leading to a fair and impartial decision. The
adjudicator must give overriding consideration to the interests of The Coca-Cola Company
and should grant Access or NAA clearances only when evidence clearly exists of high moral
standing and trustworthiness. It is a business necessity that only those of demonstrated personal
integrity be placed at TCCC or given sensitive access.
• Valued-Partner employees who misrepresent, omit, or falsify prior convictions should
be disqualified for placement at TCCC by the valued-partner company.
• Valued-Partner employees who have repeat offenses should be disqualified for
placement at TCCC by the vendor company.
• For jobs involving direct contact with customers or the public, careful consideration
should be given to any criminal activity reported. (Please consult with the
PIAP Office).
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
8. Basis for Denial
The basis for denial provided below establish some of the types of conduct that can justify a
determination to deny an individual’s eligibility for employment, or appointment to sensitive
duties. The “mitigating factors” establish some circumstances that may alleviate the impact
of the conduct listed under the “basis for denial.”
Type of Conduct Bases for Denial Mitigating Factors
Criminal Conduct Conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere, The felonious conduct (a) did not involve a violent
to a felony. For crimes not amounting to a felony, offense against another person; (b) was an
General Adjudicative Guidelines will be considered. isolated episode; and (c) the individual has
If on probation/parole due to a conviction then demonstrated trustworthiness and respect for
defer consideration of placement at TCCC until the the law over an extended period (generally seven
final disposition. Status of current participant in a years) since the offense.
pretrial probation or alternative rehabilitative
program must be completed prior to placement
at TCCC. Pending charges for criminal conduct will
defer placement at TCCC until final disposition.
Financial Matters Excessive indebtedness, as indicated by recurring (a) Evidence of systematic efforts over a period
financial difficulties, or a high level of debt without of time (generally two years) to satisfy creditors;
the ability to pay it off. (Note: Pursuant to the U.S. and (b) evidence of a change to a more
Bankruptcy Code, an employer cannot reject an responsible life-style and favorable change in
applicant for employment solely because the financial habits over a period of time (generally
individual has been or is in bankruptcy.) Refer two years); or (c) unforeseen financial loss not due
to financial information on previous page. to the individual’s financial mismanagement.
Falsification Knowingly falsifying, omitting, or misrepresenting a The incident was isolated and the individual
fact in any written or oral statement, document, subsequently provided correct information
or form used by the Company in its decision to voluntarily.
employ or grant access to sensitive material, or
concealing or omitting a material fact for the
purpose of misleading the Company.
Illegal Drug Involvement Past or current illegal drug use, sale or distribution. The illegal drug involvement was not recent
(Note: Pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities (not within five years); or (b) the drug involvement
Act, past drug addiction, that may be indicated was an isolated or infrequent event and did not
by past treatment, should not be used as factor include the sale or distribution of illegal drugs.
in any employment decision.) Illegal drug involvement not amounting to a
felony will be adjudicated under the General
Adjudicative Guidelines.
Drug Screen Positive/Adutrated None
Motor Vehicle Violations More than two (2) moving violations during the prior Apply General Adjudicative Guidelines.
three (3) years. More than one (1) at-fault accident
in the prior three (3) years. Any of the following
incidents in the prior three (3) years (including
convictions and nolo contendere): vehicular
homicide, hit and run, DUI, attempting to elude a
police officer, engaging in a contest of speed,
driving with a revoked or suspended license, leaving
the scene of an accident, or reckless driving.
Work Performance Issues Includes but not exclusive to the following: Must be referred to HR and Legal for final decision.
Routine tardiness or chronic absenteeism;
below standard of performance in previous
job; reason for leaving was due to extreme
circumstances; personal reference provides
derogatory information regarding the
candidate.
Other Factors Affecting an Public knowledge of activities that could Apply General Adjudicative Guidelines.
Individuals Integrity or embarrass or damage the Image and
Standing in the Community Reputation of the Company.
If at any time during the two year PIAP approval cycle, the valued-partner company obtains
knowledge of criminal activity associated with their employee assigned to a Coca-Cola Company
facility, TCCC expects the valued-partner company to remove their employee from our facility.
Please contact Linda Bell, PIAP Program Manager at 404.676.9004 for further clarification of the
above information. Or Judy Cunningham, PIAP Assistant Manager at 404-676-6137.
7
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
8
MARGORP
ECNARUSSA
YTIRGETNI
LENNOSREP
RENTRAP-DEULAV
9. Confidentiality
Access to records through validation review will be held in the strictest of confidence.
TCCC will not retain copies of any records. Any records sent to TCCC will be validated and
shredded.
10. Management Rights
The Coca-Cola Company reserves its right to manage its workplace.
2009031302 - PIAP - 08/15/01
Revised 3/2009
